disdik sumbar
username : disdiksmbr
password : 123456

disnakertrans sumbar
username : disnakertrans
password : 123456

disnakertrans dharmasraya
username : disnaker_dharmas
password : 123456

disnakertrans sawahlunto
username : dpmptspnaker_sawahlunto
password : 123456

disnakertrans bukittinggi
username : disnakerbukittingi
password : 123456

disnakertrans sijunjung
username : disnakersijunjung
password : 123456

disnakertrans Kota pariaman
username : disnakerpariaman
password : 123456

disnakertrans agam
username : disnakeragam
password : 123456

disnakertrans mentawai
username : nakermentawai
password : 123456

disnaker lima puluh kota
username : nakerlimapuluhkota
password : 123456

disnaker lima padang pariaman
username : nakerpadangpariaman
password : 123456

disnaker pasaman
username : nakerpasaman
password : 123456

disnaker pesisir selatan
username : nakerpessel
password : 123456